[To be prioritized]

Receipt clearance has to made faster. Some single method for clearing receipt. Or clear the current on top frame in a separate thread.

Look and feel of Security Dialogs is to be improved
Think about 
When user presses enter on the login button, Login button press event should be generated
CANCEL button on AddUserJFrame should work

Proper Icons should be placed i.e., which show change in images
Tooltips have to be added over icons.

Proper titles have to be added for earch dialog box

Layout of the security dialogs is to be improved

Have the ability to be  multi-lingual i.e., show text in Urdu

Save and Cancel button locations should be same on each dialog

Login GUI is not opened at proper place
Print receipt to be corrected
Following boxes to be made searchable
 * main medicine box
 * company name
 * distributor name
Calendar to be added whereever, we are using date now
Proper icon instead of java icon
Help integration

All internal frame title bars should be hidden
Icons to be displayed on Menu bars
All medcine boxes should be replaced by drop downs and dates by calendars

Add graphs for showing sales progress over period of time
Add analytics i.e., i am short on cash, what medicine sale is to be expected in the coming months
I want to make purchases, which medicine would be most profitable

Medicine Search Box and shortcuts for all options. All menu options should open up on the main frame.
Change the dialog boxes to modal boxes
Add proper GUI for add medicine in stock dialog box	
Total price colour should be red
Change Java Icon to display custom icon in its place
Findout if urdu  news could be displayed in some bar
Bydefault, after each user operation the cursor should move back to the medicine name text box.
Ensure that medicine name and total fields take only normal space
Add images to buttons to make them look more user friendly.
Think about internationalization i.e., would a customer be interested in Urdu UI.
For all the dialog boxes, proper captions should be added
For a user which has to print 100's of receipt every day, what should the GUI be like. Read about face 3.0.
Avoid the usage of mouse
Support for help is to be added
